# Lab 1: SDK Speed Run

!!! quote "Do this lab only if you are short on time. Otherwise, do the `02 Labs` section in order."

    - [X] It completes a tour of core evaluation SDK features in _one notebook_.
    - [X] Run the notebook at one shot - it takes about 5 minutes to complete execution.
    - [X] Use the remaining time to review the notebook cell-by-cell to understand the steps.
    - [X] Try out selective "labs/" notebooks after, to experiment with specific features.
    
    **DURATION**: 30 minutes

---

## Instructions

!!! info "All labs are setup as Jupyter notebooks - just follow these instructions:"

1. Open `labs/00-speed-run/1-try-evaluation-sdk.ipynb` in the VS Code editor.
1. Click **Select Kernel** in the top right corner of the notebook - pick default Python kernel.
1. Click **Clear All Outputs** in the top menu bar of the notebook - clears output from prior runs.
1. Click **Run All Cells** in the top menu bar of the notebook - let the run complete.

Now, review the notebook cell-by-cell to understand the steps. Answer questions or try alternative options when prompted, to build your understanding of the code.

---

## Objectives

By the end of this lab, you should have:

- [ ] Verified that the evaluation SDK is installed and working
- [ ] Tried Generation quality evaluation - with an NLP evaluator
- [ ] Tried Generation quality evaluation - with built-in evaluator
- [ ] Tried Safety evaluation - - with built-in evaluator
- [ ] Tried Custom evaluation - with a code-based evaluator
- [ ] Run a Composite evaluation - with multiple evaluators
- [ ] Generated synthetic datasets - using the Simulator
- [ ] Run evaluation - and viewed results locally
- [ ] Run evaluation - and viewed results in portal

